Superinsight is a database dedicated for Machine Learning.
Traditional database are execellent at searching data types such as text and numbers.
Machine Learning database is focusing on helping users to search for data from data and models using SQL query.

## Who is it for?
The purpose of Superinsight is to accelerate the adoption of AI for every organization in the world by empowering organization domain experts to utilize AI using their existing skills and tools. While there are many different types of domain experts in each organization, Superinsight is made for data experts, business experts and application experts.


### Data Experts
Data experts are usually people in the organization who are database admins, database developers or those who understand and has access to the data. We all know that data is the most critial part of AI, and data experts have the most knowledge of where the data is and how data are being structured within the organization. Today one of the main reason organizations are being held back on AI adoption is because the tools that we use for machine learning such as PyTorch and Tensorflow are made of AI researchers and ML engineers. Most data experts do not come from a machine learning background, and most organizations do not have a team of AI researchers and ML engineers who understand the data structure as well as the data experts. To overcome this barrier, we must enable data experts to use their existing skills to perform AI functions. SQL has been and still is the most dominant tools data experts. If we enable data experts to use SQL to query data across different data sources and empower them to train models, inference models, generate and store data without becoming a machine learning experts, then data experts will be able to ignite AI adoptions across the entire organization.

Superinsight has created the concept of a ML database. Just like a traditional database that is use to store and retrieve the typical datatypes, ML database will also index data in such a way that it can be used for AI functions. Superinsight also provide a SQL query engine that will help data experts to transform data from existing databases to ML database. Data experts will be able to use SQL to run ML predictions by query data from ML tables and joining data from other data sources such as SQL or NoSQL databases in a single SQL statement. Superinsight will empower data experts to provide the foundation they need to help their organization adopt AI.

### Business Experts
Business experts are usually people in the organization who are executives, business analysts, sales, marketers or those who need to get insights from the data within the organization. We all know that main benefit of AI is to be able to perform human like judgement at scale. Another main reason organizations are being held back on AI adoption is because the tools that we use to get AI insights such as Python, R, Jupyter Notebooks, MATLAB and Scikit-learn are made of data scientists. Even though in recent years, there is a huge movement to train more data scientists, the barrier to entry is still too high. Most business experts are not equipped with skills of a data scientist, and most data scientists are not easier to hire or train. To overcome this barrier, we must enable business experts to use their existing skills to get AI insights.

Today most business experts use data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Sisense and Superset to get insights from their data, and most of these BI tools use SQL for data retrieval. Since Superinsight provides a SQL Query Engine can be use to make ML predictions, business experts can use it to connect their existing BI tools.  With this new approach, business experts will get AI insights in real time and be more informed about their business so they make better decisions faster.

### Developers
Developers are the people who build applications for people inside and outside the organization. Application is the main component that is use for capturing real world information and store them as data. Every developer would love to build applications with AI capabilities, but most of them are being held back because most of the tools used in machine learning development such as Pytorch and Tensorflow are made for ML engineers. Most organizations do not have ML engineers as part of the development team, and ML engineers are hard to hire and train. To overcome this barrier, we must enable developers to incorporate AI features into their applications without the need of becoming ML engineers.

Since Superinsight provides a SQL Query Engine for developers to perform ML predictions from their ML database using SQL query. With this new approach, developers can focus on builing features and incorporate AI functions for their users inside and outside of the organization, helping their organization moving towards AI adoption.